gdispammer README
A lightweight Windows visual chaos utility that rapidly spawns GDI effects to create glitch‑style screen effects. Designed as a compact experiment in Win32 rendering and window management.

Overview
gdispammer is a small Windows executable that opens multiple GDI windows in rapid succession. Each window renders simple shapes or fills, producing a chaotic, demoscene‑style visual effect. This project serves as a learning tool for:
Win32 API fundamentals
GDI rendering
Window creation and message loops
Performance behaviour under rapid window spawning

Features
Rapid creation of multiple GDI effects
Lightweight single‑file executable
Minimal dependencies (pure Win32)
Small binary size
Demonstrates basic GDI drawing operations
Suitable for experimentation and educational purposes

Installation
Download the latest release from the Releases page:
gdispammer.exe

No installation is required. The executable runs standalone on Windows.

Usage
Download gdispammer.exe.

Run it on a Windows machine (preferably a VM)
An pop-up will appear. If you click yes, it will run. If you click no, it will simply exit.
It will start to spam GDI effects and bytebeat will play. I recommend you turn down your volume :)
To stop the program, close the terminal or press the escape key to exit instantly.

Build Instructions
To build from source:
Requirements
Windows environment
C++ compiler (MSVC, MinGW, or Clang)
Win32 development libraries (included with most toolchains)

Steps
Clone the repository:
git clone https://github.com/rhys-coder-cplusplus/gdispammer.git
Open the project in your preferred C++ environment.
Compile the source file(s) using a Win32 subsystem target.

Safety Notes
This program rapidly spawns effects and may temporarily overwhelm the desktop environment.
It is intended for experimentation and educational use.
Avoid running it during important tasks or on systems with unsaved work.

Release Information
The latest stable release is available on GitHub under the Stable tag. Each release includes:
Precompiled executable
Auto‑generated source archives (.zip and .tar.gz)
Signed commit for authenticity

Credits

Created by Rhys.

License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. :)

Final note:
Cya! If you want chaos then run it on a real machine >:)
